STYLE GUIDE:
Agentica 2.0 Hackathon Style Guide
Our iconography
Our icons are crisp, clean, minimal, and highly functional graphic elements meant to punctuate, inform, and highlight content.
Our Colors
Our colors
Primary color palette
Secondary color palette One of the first impressions that comes across with color. Our primary color is Purple, Graphite
Gradient color palette Black and White. These colors are supplemented by secondary colors that allow us to emphasize
Color and accessibility in digital elements as we need to drive hierarchy, yet still keep the brand look and feel balanced.
Typography
Primary color palette
Use our primary color palette first and frequently throughout our visual system, especially for hero application areas -

such as brochure covers, presentation covers, and website home pages. This approach will help us build equity in our

color and make it an identifiable element of our brand.
Purple Graphite Black White
RGB 115, 83, 246 RGB 44, 44, 44 RGB 255, 255, 255
HEX #7353F6 HEX #2C2C2C HEX #ffffff
Secondary color palette
To supplement our primary color palette, the secondary colors shown here are used to add warmth and visual contrast to our
communications.
Lavender Pale Purple Sky Blue Neutral Dark Gray (Text only)
RGB 168, 139, 255 RGB 235, 228, 255 RGB 92, 201, 245 RGB 35, 31, 32
HEX #A88BFF HEX #EBE4FF HEX #5CC9F5 HEX #231F20
Light Gray
RGB 235, 235, 235
HEX #EBEBEB
Gradient color palette
Our gradient blends Purple with Deep Sky Blue.

This gradient represents innovation, energy, and forward movement, aligning with our modern digital identity.
+ =
Purple Deep Sky Blue
RGB 115, 83, 246 RGB 192, 255, 100
HEX #7353F6 HEX #00C0FF
Color and accessibility in digital
Our color palette was designed to meet the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) color contrast standards.


When combining colors for on-screen text ‚Äî such as for buttons, infographics, or tables ‚Äî we must ensure all audiences can
easily read our content.


Refer to the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0 for accessibility details.
Text color White Pale Purple Light Gray Lavender Purple
White #ffffff All text sizes All text sizes
Purple #7353F6 All text sizes All text sizes All text sizes All text sizes All text sizes
Neutral Dark Gray #231F20 All text sizes All text sizes All text sizes
Sky Blue #5CC9F5 All text sizes All text sizes
Typography - Bebas Neue (For headings)
Aa
Aa Aa
Regular Medium SemiBold
Typography - Montserrat (Normal)
Aa Aa Aa
Regular Medium SemiBold

INSTRUCTIONS:
Frontend and Backend Run Instructions
How to Clone the Project and Run Frontend & Backend Separately
This document provides clear, step-by-step instructions to clone the project from GitHub and run the
frontend and backend independently. Follow each section carefully.
1. Prerequisites
Ensure the following software is installed on your system:
‚Ä¢ Git ‚Äì to clone the project repository
‚Ä¢ Node.js (v16 or above) ‚Äì for frontend execution
‚Ä¢ npm ‚Äì comes with Node.js
‚Ä¢ Python (v3.9 or above) ‚Äì for backend execution
‚Ä¢ pip ‚Äì Python package manager
‚Ä¢ Virtual Environment (venv) ‚Äì recommended for backend isolation
‚öÝÔ∏è Important: Always use two separate terminals ‚Äî one for backend and one for frontend.
‚Ä¢ Ensure virtual environment is activated
‚Ä¢ Ensure requirements.txt dependencies are installed
‚Ä¢ Check Python version compatibility
‚Ä¢ Confirm backend server is running
‚Ä¢ Verify API base URL in frontend configuration
Check Installed Versions
node -v
npm -v
python --version
pip --version
2. Clone the Project from Git
Open a terminal or command prompt and run:
git clone <REPOSITORY_URL>
Example:
1git clone https://github.com/your-org/your-project.git
Move into the project folder:
cd your-project
3. Project Structure (Example)
project-root/
‚îÇ
‚îú‚îÄ‚îÄ frontend/
‚îÇ ‚îú‚îÄ‚îÄ package.json
‚îÇ ‚îî‚îÄ‚îÄ src/
‚îÇ
‚îú‚îÄ‚îÄ backend/
‚îÇ ‚îú‚îÄ‚îÄ manage.py
‚îÇ ‚îú‚îÄ‚îÄ requirements.txt
‚îÇ ‚îî‚îÄ‚îÄ backend_project/
‚îÇ
‚îî‚îÄ‚îÄ README.md
4. Running the Backend (Django Example)
Step 1: Navigate to Backend Folder
cd backend
Step 2: Create Virtual Environment (First Time Only)
python -m venv venv
Step 3: Activate Virtual Environment
Windows:
venv\Scripts\activate
2Mac / Linux
source venv/bin/activate
Step 4: Install Backend Dependencies
pip install -r requirements.tx
python manage.py runserver
Backend will be available at:
http://127.0.0.1:8000/
5. Running the Frontend (React / Vite / Static Example)
Step 1: Open a New Terminal
(Keep the backend terminal running)
Step 2: Navigate to Frontend Folder
cd frontend
Step 3: Install Frontend Dependencies (First Time Only)
npm install
Step 4: Start Frontend Development Server
npm run dev
or
npm start
3Frontend will be available at (example):
http://localhost:3000/
or
http://localhost:5173/
This document can be shared with teammates to easily clone and run the project.
4